Topsy Turvy
===========

Can you line up your pieces before your opponent, while making use of special 
moves like disarray (^) and offset (!)?

Playing
-------
1. Compile
   Call the Makefile with the command:
     make play
   If one wishes to run the autotests, run the command:
     make test
   and run the command:
     ./test

2. Run
   Once compiled, run the executable from your main directory with four flags:
     -h HEIGHT
     -w WIDTH
     -r RUN_LENGTH
     -m or -b (board representation)

     Example:
       ./topsy -h 6 -w 7 -r 4 -m

     - The game expects exactly these flags; otherwise, it raises an error.

3. Gameplay
   - Black moves first.
   - Drop a piece by entering the column label (0–9, A–Z, a–z).
   - Disarray (^): Flip the board vertically and reverse gravity.
   - Offset (!): Remove the oldest piece of the current player and the newest
     piece of the opponent (if each has pieces on the board).
   - Continue until a run of length r is formed or the board is full (draw).

Goals
-----
1. Core “Connect”-style mechanics, supporting different board sizes and run lengths.
2. Special moves: disarray (board flip) and offset (piece removal).
3. Flexible data representations: matrix-based (-m) or bit-based (-b).

Project Layout
--------------
play.c   - Contains main(), argument parsing, and the main game loop.
logic.h  - Declares core structs (game, turn, outcome) and game logic functions.
logic.c  - Implements game moves (drop, disarray, offset)
board.h  - Declares structs for board representation. 
board.c  - Implements either a matrix or bit-based board, plus display functions.
pos.h    - Declares structs for piece positions and order queues. 
pos.c    - Manages positions and queues (for oldest/newest pieces).
Makefile - Automates compilation.

Known Issues
------------
Inputs with more than one character are not handeled, and they may lead to a 
sequence of incorrect input readings. This is caused because the buffer is not cleared
between input attempts. Additional validation was not implemented due to deadline
concerns.

Enjoy Topsy Turvy!
